and then guys I'm back today more
once on that channel android addicts
and today I will show you how
recharge your android device for free
totally free
you will need only one
app is in the app store a
very good application works
I sent cargo, just write reload.
I'll leave the link in the video description
This is it, here you are going to talk and he
It works , you install it only for
you install you already earn eight reais
off a recharge
Good, I cut and went swimming saw the market.
which minimum is 10 reais
you already have eight real discount send
for a person and that person is there
you will get 11 reais you get three
per subscription with your account
three reais you have 11 reais you already
can recharge 10
it's very easy very practical and really
works showed to comment the
comments here for you the fastball
super safe park recommend very good
practical it is very practical but
error with hypercard card aims at god
all right and carry with it is very good
can download
There, I installed it and I 'll show it to you.
you who actually works in tinho
on the internet also does not help
There you go and get it installed.
the first time the third time
doing video please let me ask you
you
leave your ladybug and sign up for the
video to subscribe to the channel actually
continues and I already have an account
In case you appear to add account
I'll continue to charge your account.
ready as I already carried it once
1 still have 75 in my wallet
It is very easy to try in 75 and I can
Reload with this 1 75 now
is accommodated alive
I can see here a message of 10 reais
with 1 75
I got a discount with 75 thousand payments 18
and 25
very easy good but if you do not want
pay nothing
you send you send these people
people come to talk I got refills
free
I'll show you here I do not have
credit phone takes cabel buy another
place
the next time you want to consult your
balance sent a free torpedo to the
number 8 thousand is fast easy and practical in
moments you will receive a torpedo
I do not have any notification also from
application saying that I can
recharge with discount
I'll show you how it goes.
to share with your friends come
earn credit here
You can share I'll leave.
on here
you download the app works yes
it's true not me not my religion
lets i guess no region
But lets go guys since the
joinha I hope it works out where you and
thanks